1. At the top of the interface there is a large banner of hands on a keyboard. 
The banner causes unnecessary scrolling. Please remove the banner, 
a simple menu bar with the icon would work better for administrative purposes.	(DONE)

2. I was able to add a user, but I was not able to remove users. 
Since my students change I nee...d to be able to delete one user, 
or delete all users and start fresh at the beginning of the school year.	(DONE)

3. I was able to login as a student, complete a few lessons, 
and email the results; however, when I went to login again, 
there was no way to know where I left off. 
The student needs two options when returning to the program.

a. The student needs to be able to login to any lesson he wants.
b. The students needs to be able to exit the program, 
then when he comes back click the ---more--- link - 
to continue where he left off. The word -- more -- 
is on the login page in red letters.

4. How is the lesson score calculated?						(DONE)
answer : 
wrong_type = (wrong typing / count letter) * 100
score = 100 - wrong_type

5. The lesson assessment worked well.						(DONE)

6. The lesson report link doesn't give me any information that is 		(DONE)
not the same as the data master. Can you tell me the purpose of this link? 
Also, what is meant by Soal? This word is at the beginning of each line. 
What does the Multiple Issue heading mean?
answer : really sorry, i think the report is not useful, will delete it

7. I would like to add the missing files, but there is no upload 
or data record for the voice files accessible from the control panel. 
Also many of the files I provided were not present, 
so I could not test the program completely.
a. Lesson	(DONE)
b. assessment	(DONE)
c. Lesson Mode
d. voice lesson	
e. voice leters	
f. voice words	


8. Perhaps the Lesson Report Link could be replaced with an Upload Data link, 
That way all the uploading would be under one menu item, 
and I could upload all files needed to manage the program - pictures, voice, etc
